feat: extend readme of smove (#24)
eigerco/smove: README.md

# smove

> Package manager for the Move language in Substrate. This is a support tool to work with the [Move Pallet](). Relieves the gas estimation, the serialization of script and module transactions, and the inspection of the module's ABIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package manager for the Move language in Substrate. This is a support tool for the [Move Pallet](https://github.com/eigerco/pallet-move). Handles the gas estimation, the serialization of script and module transactions, and the inspection of the module's ABIs.
```

Author: Done

## Installation

Install it from the source with cargo by running the following:
```sh
cargo install --git  https://github.com/eigerco/smove
```

## Examples

> The following command snippets are taken out of [our pallet-move tutorial](https://github.com/eigerco/pallet-move/blob/main/tutorial/Tutorial.md). Here, the developer Bob with account ID _5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty_ publishes a module named `CarWash`. To get the full impression of `smove`, we recommend going through our tutorial!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command snippets are taken out of [our pallet-move tutorial](https://github.com/eigerco/pallet-move/blob/main/tutorial/Tutorial.md). Here, the developer Bob, with the account ID _5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty_, publishes a module named `CarWash`. To get the full impression of `smove`, we recommend going through our tutorial!
```

### Build / Compile Projects

```sh

> smove build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# inside some Move project directory
smove build
```

```

```sh
smove build -p pallet-move/tests/assets/move-projects/car-wash-example
```

### Generate Bundles

```sh

> smove bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# inside some Move project directory
smove bundle
```

```

### Estimating Gas for Module Publication

```sh
smove node rpc estimate-gas-publish-module --account-id 5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty --module-path build/car-wash-example/bytecode_modules/CarWash.mv
```

### Estimating Gas for Script Execution

```sh

> smove node rpc estimate-gas-execute-script -a 5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty -s build/car-wash-example/script_transactions/initial_coin_minting.mvt --cheque-limit 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assuming running a node in the background with the pallet-move integrated, one can use RPC commands:
smove node rpc estimate-gas-execute-script -a 5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty -s build/car-wash-example/script_transactions/initial_coin_minting.mvt --cheque-limit 0
```

```

### Request a Module's ABI

```sh
smove node rpc get-module-abi --address 5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty --name CarWash
```

### Create Transactions

```sh
smove create-transaction --compiled-script-path build/car-wash-example/bytecode_scripts/initial_coin_minting.mv --args signer:5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty
```

### And Much More...

> `smove` is a derivative from [move-cli](https://github.com/eigerco/substrate-move/tree/main/language/tools/move-cli) and was extended by the functions shown above. The tool provides a couple of functions more, which you can check out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`smove` is a derivative from [move-cli](https://github.com/eigerco/substrate-move/tree/main/language/tools/move-cli) and was extended the commands shown above. The tool provides all other commands the original `move-cli` provides, which you can check out.
```
